(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
[Narrator] The fierce battle
against Devimon continued.
During the conflict,
Izzy discovered that
the energy produced
from chaos within the network
was being transferred
to Devimon.
As soon as they discovered that,
MegaKabuterimon's group
headed to the point
where the energy
transfer was being made,
and they succeeded
in intercepting it.
Finally, the
Digidestined defeated
the digivolved NeoDevimon.
However...
(shocked gasp)
(ominous instrumental music)
(shocked, frightened gasps)
Not good!
Quick! Get back!
(worried, wary gasps)
(loud rumble)
(loud thud)
That's a Mega Digimon.
Huh?
A Mega Digimon?
[Tokomon] So is this
the digivolution
Devimon was aiming for?
But now, Devimon isn't
actually even Devimon anymore.
What does that mean?
Only Devimon's powers evolved.
His mind was already...
(eager growl/chuckle)
(weathering blast)
(growls)
Matt, what are you doing?
Don't worry about us, TK.
If worse comes to
worst, just run!
WereGarurumon!
MetalGreymon!
Careful, Matt!
Wolf Claw!
(effort grunt)
(intense instrumental music)
(dodging grunts)
More Miasma!
If that guy's arms touch
us, then it's all over!
(dodging grunts)
(growls)
What?
Giga Storm!
(shocked, worried gasp)
That idiot!
(struggling grunt)
Tai!
Big Brother!
(eager cackle)
(dodging grunt)
No, no way!
Matt, Tai, no!
(loud rumble)
Izzy, can you hear me?
It's kind of a
disaster over here!
[Garudamon] Wing Blade!
There's still a ton of
them left to fight, too!
Flower Cannon!
(shocked gasps)
Are you okay, Lillymon?
[Lillymon] I'm okay, we're
just struggling a little.
[Garudamon] This is endless!
Izzy, anything odd happening
on your side of things?
Uh, just hold on a second.
Uh, no!
No way!
Just a few minutes ago,
two tankers collided in
the Strait of Hormuz!
And that's not all!
Abnormally close encounters
between large vessels
are occurring in several
places all over the globe!
(shocked gasp)
There are accidents
occurring at the same time
in oceans all around the world?
That's not good.
Oh, what on earth
is going on now?
It means, that we still
aren't out of danger just yet!
They've got us surrounded!
Man, these guys are annoying.
We need to work together
and focus our attacks!
(affirmative grunt)
(explosion)
(rushing grunt)
(intense instrumental music)
Get him, Matt!
(blasting)
You're not getting away!
(attacking yell)
Wolf
Claw!
(struggling grunt)
(both screams)
Matt, no!
Oh, no, Matt!
(triumphant chuckle)
(loud rumble)
(mellow instrumental music)
Matt, no!
No, no, Matt!
Matt, please no!
TK, stop!
(stab of discomfort grunt)
TK!
TK, come back!
Stop, TK!
(emotional running)
(triumphant laughter)
TK, no!
(emotional running)
(eager chuckling)
(attacking yell)
(shocked, frightened gasps)
(gasps)
(melodious instrumental music)
(stunned gasps)
Tokomon?
(confused grunt)
(attacking growl)
(shocked, frightened gasps)
No, TK!
(struggling with
discomfort grunt)
Ah!
(growls)
Stop!
Just stop it!
(frightened grunt)
Just stop it.
(attention is caught grunt)
(frightened grunt)
(eager chuckle)
I said stop!
(blasting)
(weary gasps)
Tokomon!
(attacking yell)
Matt!
Please, Matt!
Tokomon.
(struggling grunt)
(angry grunt)
(dodging grunts)
(eager chuckle)
(attacking yell)
(struggling with
discomfort grunt)
(explosion)
Oh, no.
Tai, no!
(struggling with
discomfort grunt)
(eager growl/chuckle)
(determined yell)
(derisive laughter)
(stunned gasp)
(shocked gasp)
(eager laughter)
No...
You can't!
You just can't!
(intense instrumental music)
(distraught grunts)
(stunned gasps)
MetalGreymon is furious,
so furious that his entire
mind is going blank.
This is bad.
At this rate,
MetalGreymon is gonna
become exactly like Devimon.
(shocked waking grunt)
(leaping/tackling grunt)
(loud rumble)
(coughs)
Matt, are you okay?
Oh!
Matt, talk to me!
TK, you're...
Oh, Matt...
(distraught sob)
(considering/attention
is caught grunt)
(struggling grunt)
(struggling with
discomfort grunt)
discomfort yell)
(eager chuckling)
(loud rumble)
Wait, is that?
That's MetalGreymon, isn't it?
(intense instrumental music)
(eager laughter)
(shocked, worried gasps)
(gleeful laughter)
(distraught, emotional grunt)
(distraught yell)
(taken aback gasp)
TK, help me!
What?
Together I know we can do this.
(stunned gasp)
(determined agreeing grunt)
What's this?
(melodious instrumental music)
You mustn't allow anger
to consume your mind.
(growls)
Calm your heart and feel...
Feel the presence of the one
that's irreplaceable to you.
Who's that?
Who's calling me?
The one...
The one calling me is...
Tai!
(startled grunt)
(cringing from light grunt)
No way, that light...
(curious gasps)
(cringing from light grunt)
(writhing in discomfort grunt)
(struggling)
(suspenseful instrumental music)
Whoa, Tai.
Agumon.
Tokomon?
(shocked gasp)
Tokomon digivolve to...
Patamon!
(stunned gasps)
Hi, Patamon.
(stirring awake grunt)
Tai, hey, over here!
Agumon!
Look this way!
(pleased giggle)
(loud rumble)
(shocked gasps)
(worried, wary gasps)
(upbeat music)
♪ We're falling rapidly
♪ Are we gonna lose it all?
♪ What is it you're
waiting for? ♪
♪ The headwind's signaling
♪ That we better
give this our all ♪
♪ Believe and push forward
♪ Is this the strength
we've been looking for? ♪
♪ Is this the reason we need
to kick down the door? ♪
♪ Is the seed of failure
sprouting into wings? ♪
♪ Does the past
decide the future? ♪
♪ So if you hope
to see a rainbow ♪
♪ You need to open
up your eyes ♪
♪ Take a helping
hand and understand ♪
♪ That it's time you realize
♪ If you wanna make
your dreams reality, ♪
♪ It may not be easy
♪ Just take a breath
and take a chance ♪
♪ Next thing you know,
♪ You're a shining
beacon in the sky ♪
[Izzy] The Digimon Encyclopedia!
Garudamon, the Ultimate level
digivolution of Birdramon.
Garudamon soars through the sky
and attacks enemies
with fists of fire.
Garudamon's specialty
is Wing Blade!
Now, let's check this out!
Garudamon has really long hair.
I wonder if it ever gets
in the way during battle?
Recently, Tentomon's been saying
he wants to have long hair, too.
Just imagine!
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
[Narrator] Swarms
of Mamemon appear!
Tai and the others put
their lives at risk
to execute an
extraordinary plan!
[Tai] Next time on
Digimon Adventure:
"Dive to the Next Ocean"
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.